docs: Add process for "How to create a repo" (#198)
Pradumnasaraf/open-source-with-pradumna: pages/How-to/guide/create-repo.md

# How to create a repository?

## What is a repository?

 In simple terms, repository means **a place, room, or container** where something is **deposited or stored**.

## Steps to create a repository

#### Step 1
 On any page of github (when you're logged in)in the upper right corner of the page you can see the **"+"** sign. 

 ![Screenshot 2022-10-08 182119](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/111558974/194709033-fa1942f2-2014-4123-99f9-dbf0f32bdb5c.png)
 
 It is a dropdown menu, select new repository from the menu.

![Screenshot 2022-10-08 182142](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/111558974/194709087-749c2205-e137-4c53-ab79-02f8e7ae5e6a.png)

> #### Step 2
> 1. Give your repository a nice name :)
> 
> 2. A good description.
> 
> 3. Choose the repository visibility. Public or Private
> 
> 4. And never forget to click on the checkbox saying add a README file.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Step 2

- Give your repository a nice name and description. 
- Choose the repository visibility. Public or Private. Also, it's good to have a README on the project, so check the checkbox.

```
